# January, 19th, 2018

I failed to go to the movie and have a big lunch as I expected yesterday...

I finished my homework until 2 AM and got insomnia last night. So I had a incredible lie-in this morning. I had overslept my breakfast as well as my lunch. I waked up in 9:00 AM but got up until 2:00 PM. Oh, such a debauched and indolent morning. I ordered a take-out dinner by dusk and I have to admit that Special favor for Nanjing University\(‘南小灶’ in Chinese\) is much more delicious than our canteen. I have no malice to defame our canteen XD.

Today is my scarce break-off but I miss the chance to enjoy it. I only watched some classic television sitcoms and wrote my coding tutorials. I keep staying in my dormitory all the day, It's obviously unacceptable for me. And I promise that such things will not happen again.

My classmates went home one by one. And I only have one roommate accompanied with me, others went home today or last day. The only left roommate are facing his last final test and have focusing on reviewing in the library, so I'm the king of my dormitory most of the time :\). Emmmm, there's no denying that I felt more than lonely and desolate this afternoon. The dull campus and deserted dormitory make me upset and lonesome. I tried to have fun with my friends, but they were all in harsh and had no time to play with me. So I have no choice but to stay at dormitory.

I have to go to work tomorrow.

The office place of my company is still under decoration and we cooperator plan to supervise it's decoration work and have a meeting about the future plan. I have to get up early tomorrow and ride to my office place. Hope the working time can engage me and make me have no time to think of something impassive and lonely.

Haha, indeed, I was eager to have a conversation with my lovely girl this lonesome afternoon. But haven taken something into account I thought it's improper to intrude her life... I thought I'm too weak to start a new love. She is so outstanding and kind, and has her own life. I really have no courage to bother her life...

It's late and I have go to the bed or I have no energy to face my heavy work tomorrow.

Good night, my family.

Good night, my unrequited.

May you have a sound sleep as well as a nice dream.

---

Wrote in Dormitory, Nanjing University Xianlin Campus.

Henry Yang 2018-1-19

