# January, 18th, 2018

Winter Vocation!

Yeah, I have finished my last final test and welcome my winter vocation.

Sadly, the last final test did't go very well, I failed to figure out the last algorithm question...I do hope the teacher can give me a kind score for sake of us.

I decide to leave behind the unpleasant things and focus on my vocation plan.

I begin a new book, "Henry Yang's Coding Tutorial" this day.This book is designed to record my coding life and share some basic and useful coding experience and methods as well. I like this book and decide to pay my full attention to polishing it. If you are willing to take a look, you can visit my Gitbook homepage or Github homepage :\).

Emmmm, to some degree, It's not enough, I'd like to give a more specific introduction to my new book.

As I have taken command of some programming language, I want to make a personal tutorial for them. On the one hand, it can benefit me in reviewing their fundamental semantic and usage. On the other hand, I want to help my friends in coding by this book. Hope my dream can come true one day. After all, I have promised someone to teach her git XD.

All right, come back on the track. In my plan, this new book will contain following contents:

* **C++**
* **Java**
* **Python**
* **HTML**
* **CSS**
* **Javascript**
* **JQuery**
* **Bootstrap**
* **PHP**
* **.Net**
* **MySQL**
* **Swift**
* **PHP**
* **Git**
* **XML/XSLT/XPATH/XQUERY/XLINK/XPOINT**

  I know it's a big project and even I can't finish it in one year, I just hope I can insist on achieving it little by little, day by day.

I get the message from my partner that I will have one day off after my test. So I can relax myself and enjoy a one-day winter vocation tomorrow XD. I decide to go to the film and have a big lunch, the long-term exam week has totally exhaust me.

It's time to go to the bad and have a sound sleep now.

Hope your gays have a nice day!

Good night, my family.

Good night, Cheng Xi.

Have a good dream.

---

Wrote in Dormitory, Nanjing University Xianlin Campus.

Henry Yang 2018-1-18

