# January, 20th, 2018

Emmm, my gitbook met some problems tonight, so I decide to write my diary in word and push it to gitbook tomorrow.

It’s midnight now, and I’m little tired, I plan to go to the bed after finishing today’s diary.

To sum up, today is a more than affluent and meaningful day thought it didn’t go well at the beginning XD. I went to my office place today and therefore made a clumsy and stupid mistake. I underestimate the cold weather in Nanjing and mistake the distance from my school to my office place. Yeah, I rode to work this morning, taking my 40 minutes. The nippy and frozen wind clap on my face mercilessly. I even deeply doubted the meaning of my life for one period. Fortunately, I arrived at my destination alive :\).

I met my cooperators at 10 AM o'clock. We supervised the decoration work and then had a meeting together. We have talked a lot in the meeting, including the future blueprint of our company, the assignment of us and the basic structure and development direction. To sum up these materials, I began a new book in my gitbook named "启新", the name of our company.

We had a pleasant lunch in the canteen of this innovation park. After a short break-off and chatting, we started our afternoon work. We listed our company's weaknesses and needs together, in order to make us have a full comprehension of this field and future plan. This afternoon is busy but happy.

Having finished today's work, we had a nice dinner together at "白鹭"\(“egret" in English\). Then I went to the movie with my friend. Yeah, I eventually achieved my plan XD. By the way, the movie we watched "Secret Superstar" is so moving and amazing. I almost cried in the cinema. We have to admit that Indian movie sometimes are much more wonderful than our Chinese. And such phenomenon is usual when Aamir Khan stars at it. Aamir Khan is a brilliant man in India, who has made and will still make great contribution to the development of India. His movie always reveals Indian social problem and boost promotion. For instance, in "Super Superstar" this movie, Aamir Khan expose the gender inequality in India. I do believe this movie can greatly ameliorate such gender inequality problems and promote Indian social peace.

I'm tired now, and I have to take a sleep.

Good night, my family.

Good night, Cheng Xi

I have too many things want to share with you from the bottom of my heart.

May you have a sound sleep.

---

Wrote in Dormitory, Nanjing University Xianlin Campus.

Henry Yang 2018-1-20

